Find the noun and attributes from requirement

1. **Users** can register and update their profiles
2. A user's profile should contain at least their name, phone number and password
3. Users can participate in expenses with other users
4. Users can participate in groups
5. To add an expense, a user must specify either the group, or the other users involved in the
   expense, along with who paid what and who owes what. They must also specify a description for
   the expense.
6. A user can see their total owed amount
7. A user can see a history of the expenses they're involved in
8. A user can see a history of the expenses made in a group that they're participating in
9. Users shouldn't be able to query about groups they are not a member of
10. Only the user who has created a group can add/remove members to the group
11. Users can request a settle-up. The application should show a list of transactions, which when
    executed will ensure that the user no longer owes or receives money from any other user.
    Note that this need not settle-up any other users.
12. Users can request a settle-up for any group they're participating in. The application
    should show a list of transactions, which is executed, will ensure that everyone
    participating in the group is settled up (owes a net of 0 Rs). Note that will only deal with
    the expenses made inside that group. Expenses outside the group need not be settled. Good to
    Have Requirements
13. When settling a group, we should try to minimize the number of transactions that the
    group members should make to settle up.
14. Adding expenses should be based on several stragies like equal split, % split, exact split
15. Notification should be sent when an expense is added/settled

Noun -> User
Attributes -> name, phone number or password
Verbs --> Register 
          update the profile
          Participate in expenses

Noun  -> Expenses
Attributes -> who paid,  who had to pay and description and total amount

Noun -> Group
Attributes -> Users, group name
Verb -> Add and remove member od group

Noun -> Transactions



